----- Prompt 1 -----

Can you generate a document to introduce a coffee roasting company? It should introduce the company, tell about the services this company provides, and the award and praises it receives from the public and critics.


----- Prompt 2 -----

You need to generate the "About Us" page for Opti Coffee, a coffee roasting company. This page should contain the following subpages: Our Company, Our Coffee, and Newsletter.

##

For this time, you only need to generate the Our Company subpage. Include the following content:
1. headquarter location
2. company origin and history
3. cofounders
4. brief of current development of stores, warehouses, subcompanies, etc. as well as future expanding plan
5. business partners, collaborations with supply chains, and any other possible cooperators
6. industry culture, working culture, service rule, etc.

##

For this time, you only need to generate the Our Coffee subpage. Include the following content:
1. What products Opti Coffee sell at dine-in and retail stores, e.g., coffee, coffee drinks, beans, souvenirs
2. What special products are available at special stores, for example in the stores in the origin city, the largest store, the store built on the 10th anniversary.
3. What products are available at wharehouse stores.
4. What is the name of the signature coffee at Opti Coffee, and why it is special.

##

For this time, you only need to generate the Newsletter subpage. Include the following categories with at least three news for each category, each with date and authors (in a news format):
1. The awards Opti Coffee receives from competitions.
2. The praises it receives from professional critics.
3. Future plan of opening new stores, expanding to new cities, states and countries, and new products.
4. Charities and contribution to the community or planet.
5. Fiscal report, growing trend.



The following news is regarding a coffee roasting company called Opti Coffee.
Expand this news based on its brief:
{news content}